Title: Google Local Service Ads Missed Calls and Messages Automation Tool

Home Our Success Stories Google Local Service Ads Missed Calls and Messages Automation Tool
Our Success StoriesIT
Google Local Service Ads Missed Calls and Messages Automation Tool
By Ajay Bidyarthy -
August 30, 2021
6699
Client Background
Client: A leading Marketing firm in the USA
Industry Type:  Marketing
Services: Marketing consulting
Organization Size: 100+
Project Objective
A real time tool to send a report of missed calls and messages to the client.
Project Description
Extracts data from CallRail database for the last 5 minutes
All the calls which are marked as “missed” and all messages in the data are sent in the form of a report to the client.
The script runs every 5 minutes and is deployed to Heroku by the name “missed-messages”.
The data is collected only for the companies that are not marked in red in the “Missed Messages Notification Automation – Master File” sheet.
The following data is uploaded:
Company Name
Date
Time
Customer Name
Contact No.
Customer Location
Call Type
In case of messages:
Company Name
Date
Time
Customer Name
Contact No.
No. of messages
Direction (Inbound/Outbound)
Content
Our Solution
To provide data real time, schedule the tool to check for data every 5 minutes.
Extract data from CallRail
Filter out all answered calls
Prepare report
Get email ids from sheets
Send email through SendGrid
Project Deliverables
An automated tool which provides real time updates to the client along with all information about the call.
Tools used
Heroku
CallRail API
SendGrid
Sheets API
Language/techniques used
Python
Skills used
Data extraction, cleaning and summarising
Databases used
Google Big Query
Web Cloud Servers used
Heroku
What are the technical Challenges Faced during Project Execution
Sending correct reports only to the companies which are active
How the Technical Challenges were Solved
Using Google Sheet’s cell formatting in Python
Previous article
Marketing Ads Leads Call Status Data Tool to BigQuery
Next article
Google Local Service Ads (LSA) Data Warehouse
RELATED INSIGHTSMORE FROM AUTHOR
Integrating Machine Learning Code into Kubeflow Pipeline – Kuberflow MLOps Kubernetes
Facial Recognition Attendance System
Face Recognition Using DeepFace
MOST POPULAR INSIGHTS
GPT/OCR API
February 27, 2024
Easy Access to Performance Metrics – Realtime Dashboard
February 20, 2019
Will Machine Replace The Human in the Future of Work?
June 25, 2021
Database Normalization & Segmentation with Google Data Studio Dashboard Insights
February 27, 2022
Load more
RECOMMENDED INSIGHTS
Risk Factors and Predicting Intraoperative, and Postoperative Blood Transfusion
Oil prices by the year 2040, and how it will impact...
Digital Strategic Foresight Platform – Smart AI-Driven Dashboard
Management challenges for future digitalization of healthcare services