Title: Real Estate Data Warehouse

Home Our Success Stories Real Estate Data Warehouse
Our Success StoriesInfrastructure & Real EstateIT
Real Estate Data Warehouse
By Ajay Bidyarthy -
September 4, 2021
6923
Client Background
Client: A leading Real Estate firm in the EU
Industry Type:  Real Estate
Services: Real Estate
Organization Size: 1000+
Project Objective
The objective of this project is to build a data warehouse from a website given search and filter criteria.
Project Description
The objective of this project is to collect data from a website given search and filter criteria.
Data Brief:
Crawl all the information for the property adverts once a week and store them in a database. 
Data language: English
Filters:
Federal States
Contains a list of the federal states in Germany to Crawl:
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/States_of_Germany
Categories to Crawl
Mieten Wohnung
Kaufen Wohnung
Kaufen Anlageobjekte
Kaufen Grundstück
Our Solution
We have developed a Python tool that crawls and scrapes all the apartment listings for all the states in Germany under each category namely: mieten wohnungen, kaufen wohnungen, kaufen anlageobjekte and kaufen grundstuck. The Scrapy library has been used to crawl and scrape. Beautiful soup could have also been used for the scraping purpose, but for the sake of consistency, Scrapy has been used for both purposes.
Scrapy is an application framework for crawling web sites and extracting structured data which can be used for a wide range of useful applications, like data mining, information processing or historical archival.
Even though Scrapy was originally designed for web scraping, it can also be used to extract data using APIs (such as Amazon Associates Web Services) or as a general purpose web crawler.
Four Spiders have been created for each category to be scraped. Every spider crawls all the states in Germany and scrapes all the apartment listings for important data. Every spider creates a separate JSON file to store all its data. This data is then converted to CSV using another python script called “conversion”.
The python tool has been completely automated and only needs the “Controller” script to be run. The script also has the capability of running every two weeks automatically. 
Project Deliverables
Four CSV files (one for each category):
Mieten Wohnungen.csv
Kaufen Wohnungen.csv
Kaufen Anlageobjekte.csv
Kaufen Grundstuck.csv
Language/techniques used
Python
Web Crawling & Scraping
Skills used
Data Scraping
Data Crawling
Advanced Python programming
Project Snapshots
Previous article
Traction Dashboards of Marketing Campaigns and Posts
Next article
Datawarehouse, and Recommendations Engine for AirBNB
RELATED INSIGHTSMORE FROM AUTHOR
Integrating Machine Learning Code into Kubeflow Pipeline – Kuberflow MLOps Kubernetes
Facial Recognition Attendance System
Face Recognition Using DeepFace
MOST POPULAR INSIGHTS
Estimating the impact of COVID-19 on the world of work
May 1, 2020
Advanced AI for Road Cam Threat Detection
July 22, 2023
Marketing Analytics – Why do we care about it?
April 30, 2019
How are genetic sequencing maps affected by deep learning and AI?
August 26, 2021
Load more
RECOMMENDED INSIGHTS
Rise of telemedicine and its Impact on Livelihood by 2040
Algorithmic trading for multiple commodities markets, like Forex, Metals, Energy, etc.
Advanced AI for Pedestrian Crossing Safety
Python Automation tool, API, Cronjob