Title: AI agent development and Deployment in Jina AI

Home Our Success Stories AI agent development and Deployment in Jina AI
Our Success StoriesIT
AI agent development and Deployment in Jina AI
By Ajay Bidyarthy -
July 24, 2023
6273
Client Background
Client: A leading tech firm in Europe
Industry Type:  IT
Services: IT and Consulting
Organization Size: 100+
The Problem
The client’s object was to create AI agents for his website, which the end-users will utilize for many tasks. The client had some recommendations on the models are utilized.
Our Solution
Created a feasible models list that complements the client’s requirement and when ahead and executed the Executor code for every model for compatibility with JinaAI deployment. After implementing Executor codes, I created a Flow to connect every executor and deployed it successfully. 
Deliverables
Successfully delivered executable deployed models in Jina Ai
Tools used
Jina AI, VSCode, HuggingFace
Language/techniques used
Python
Models used
Whisper, Stable Diffusion, GPT3, Codex, YOLO, CoquiAI, PDF Segmentor
Skills used
Python, Model APIs 
Databases used
JinaAI Cloud
What are the technical Challenges Faced during Project Execution
There were minute challenges, such as deployment issues and Execution issues
How the Technical Challenges were Solved
I resolved the issues effectively after long hours of understanding the concept because JinaAI is a new growing technology that does not have many forums to solve errors and issues. 
Project Snapshots
Project Video
Contact Details
Here are my contact details:
Email: ajay@blackcoffer.com
Skype: asbidyarthy
WhatsApp: +91 9717367468
Telegram: @asbidyarthy 
For project discussions and daily updates, would you like to use Slack, Skype, Telegram, or Whatsapp? Please recommend, what would work best for you.
Previous article
Golden Record – A knowledge graph database approach to unfold discovery using Neo4j
Next article
AI Solutions for Foreign Exchange – An Automated Algo Trading Tool
RELATED INSIGHTSMORE FROM AUTHOR
Integrating Machine Learning Code into Kubeflow Pipeline – Kuberflow MLOps Kubernetes
Facial Recognition Attendance System
Face Recognition Using DeepFace
MOST POPULAR INSIGHTS
Google Local Service Ads LSA API To Google BigQuery to Google...
May 6, 2022
How does AI help to monitor Retail Shelf watches?
September 28, 2021
Descriptive vs Inquisitive vs Predictive Analytics
April 4, 2019
ETL and MLOps Infrastructure for Blockchain Analytics
September 16, 2022
Load more
RECOMMENDED INSIGHTS
Benefits of Big Data in Different fields
Supplier Insights and Decision Supports for the eCommerce Outlets
An app for updating the email id of the user and...
Efficient Coach Allocation System for Sports Coaching Organization