Title: Equity Waterfalls Model-Based SaaS Application for Real Estate Sector

Home Our Success Stories Equity Waterfalls Model-Based SaaS Application for Real Estate Sector
Our Success StoriesBanking Securities, and InsuranceInfrastructure & Real Estate
Equity Waterfalls Model-Based SaaS Application for Real Estate Sector
By Ajay Bidyarthy -
July 26, 2023
6343
Client Background
Client: A leading real estate firm in the USA
Industry Type:  real estate
Services: Property business, investment, real estate
Organization Size: 100+
Project Objective
The objective is to create software that will calculate the equity waterfalls for different cases. And there should be 3 users admin, sponsor and investor. We need to create the equity waterfall calculation according to the csv file that is shared by the client. All users have their own UI portal. 
Project Description
The project is created using python language, working on django rest framework and for frontend we use reactjs and the code deployed on google cloud app engine service. We need to create a software that will calculate the equity waterfalls. And there should be 3 users admin, sponsor and investor. We need to create the calculation according to the csv file that is shared by the client.
All users should have their own UI portal. 
Sponsors can create deals and send deal invitations to all investors or specific investors.
Investors can see all the deals that are offered by the sponsor’s. After that Investors can subscribe that deal after subscription it is depending on sponsor that he will accept the investor subscription or not.
Our Solution
We have created api’s that will calculate the equity waterfall calculation according to the selection of the waterfall tiers.
Project Deliverables
Django rest framework api’s with frontend.
Github source code.
Working UI.
Tools used
Views.
Routers.
Serializers.
Serializer relations.
Settings.
Language/techniques used
Python
Django rest framework
ReactJS
JWT
SMTP
Skills used
SMTP
JWT
Databases used
Sqlite3 Database
Web Cloud Servers used
Google cloud platform
What are the technical Challenges Faced during Project Execution
The technical issues faced during the project is how to calculate the equity waterfall calculation for different tiers and different cases. And also invite the sponsors by admin or sponsors invite their investors.
How the Technical Challenges were Solved
We have used conditional statements in code and write different codes for different calculations. so that it will check which case we need to run and it will run accordingly.
Added the functionality in which admin can invite the sponsors to the website and sponsors can invite their investor through sending the invitation link to their email.
Project Snapshots
Project website url
https://stackshares.io/dashboard/add-new-deal
Project Video
Contact Details
Here are my contact details:
Email: ajay@blackcoffer.com
Skype: asbidyarthy
WhatsApp: +91 9717367468
Telegram: @asbidyarthy 
For project discussions and daily updates, would you like to use Slack, Skype, Telegram, or Whatsapp? Please recommend, what would work best for you.
Previous article
AI Solutions for Foreign Exchange – An Automated Algo Trading Tool
Next article
AI-Based Algorithmic Trading Bot for Forex
RELATED INSIGHTSMORE FROM AUTHOR
Integrating Machine Learning Code into Kubeflow Pipeline – Kuberflow MLOps Kubernetes
Facial Recognition Attendance System
Face Recognition Using DeepFace
MOST POPULAR INSIGHTS
Audify Music Player Website in MERN Stack
March 14, 2021
HR Analytics Dashboard
October 3, 2020
What is Data Exfiltration?
May 14, 2017
Plaid Financial Analytics – A Data-Driven Dashboard to generate insights
July 29, 2023
Load more
RECOMMENDED INSIGHTS
Do Ethnic differences possibly influence the risk of Multiple Sclerosis development...
AI Chatbot using LLM, Langchain, LLama
Text to Speech, html
Impact of COVID-19 (Coronavirus) on the Indian Economy