Title: Power BI Data-Driven Map Dashboard

Home Our Success Stories Power BI Data-Driven Map Dashboard
Our Success StoriesIT
Power BI Data-Driven Map Dashboard
By Ajay Bidyarthy -
February 26, 2022
6649
Client Background
Client: A leading marketing firm in the USA
Industry Type:  Market Research
Services: Marketing, Consultancy
Organization Size: 60+
Project Objective
Change bubble colors dynamically.
Make table and charts linked. If a user clicks on tables values, then the bubble chart on the map should be highlighted that relates to the table. 
Project Description
“I have a map visual. I would like to dynamically change the colours of some of the bubbles.”
The report page has several filters and KPI Dashboard, whose metrics change dynamically when the user clicks a certain element. Similarly the map should also change dynamically relative to the filter.
Our Solution
Added the website data from Details table to the map visualization, it makes the bubbles get coloured dynamically according to the requirement for websites data.
Project Deliverables
The Power BI ( .pbix ) file updated with solution
Tools used
Power BI
Skills used
Power BI
Data Visualization
Data Analysis
Databases used
The database that came in with the Power BI file received from client
What are the technical Challenges Faced during Project Execution
The map was not linked
Map Bubbles were not dynamic
How the Technical Challenges were Solved
Refactoring the data model and using appropriate keys to link the data together
That made Map to change according to Slicers/Filters
To Change the colour, Bookmark buttons were used in the dashboard to bring up the dynamic colour changing with slicing (works after being published)
Project Snapshots
Project Video
Previous article
AI Conversational Bot using RASA
Next article
Electric Vehicles (EV) Load Management System to Forecast Energy Demand
RELATED INSIGHTSMORE FROM AUTHOR
Integrating Machine Learning Code into Kubeflow Pipeline – Kuberflow MLOps Kubernetes
Facial Recognition Attendance System
Face Recognition Using DeepFace
MOST POPULAR INSIGHTS
Solution to quadratic assignment problems (QAP) using Ant Colony System
February 18, 2019
Rising IT Cities and Their Impact on the Economy, Environment, Infrastructure,...
August 18, 2023
Role of big data & analytics in banking and finance
June 1, 2019
Is Perfection the Greatest enemy of Productivity?
August 23, 2020
Load more
RECOMMENDED INSIGHTS
The rise of the OTT platform and its impact on the...
NER Task using BERT with data in XML-format
Controversy as a Marketing Strategy
Python Automation tool, API, Cronjob