Title: AI solution for a Technology, Information and Internet firm

Home Our Success Stories AI solution for a Technology, Information and Internet firm
Our Success StoriesIT
AI solution for a Technology, Information and Internet firm
By Ajay Bidyarthy -
July 26, 2023
6213
Client Background
Client: A leading Technology, Information and Internet firm in India
Industry Type:  IT
Services: Emerging Technologies, 2030, and 2050
Organization Size: 10+
The Problem
The objective was to analyze, research, and propose data science solutions in the product based on the product design, use cases, and services.
Our Solution
Analyze each use case
Analyze product design
Analyze user type, controls per use cases
For each use case and available product design, 
provide solution or scope of the data science capabilities 
List attributes needed in each of the product design screens
List use cases are driven by the data
For each data-driven use cases
      a. Research and design the data science solution
       b. List needed data
       c. List process
                     d. List models
                     e. List solution
Help product design team with data science use cases
Help product design team with data science solutions for each use case
Deliverables
Statement of Work (SoW) with a solution documentation
Data science use cases document
Data science solution for each use cases document
Data Science methodology, algorithms needed, models, recommended and more in a good documentation
Tools used
Google docs
Microsoft word
Draw.io
Excel
Google Draw
Language/techniques 
Python- Flask 
Models used
K-Nearest Neighbours
K-Means Clustering
NLTK
DeepAvlov
Spacy
Texttiling
Eclat
LSTM
Skills used
Aptitude for functionalities
Problem-solving
Communication
Data Modelling
Data Pipelining
MLOps
NLP
Recommender systems
Databases used
Amazon S3
Web Cloud Servers used
AWS EC2
Business Impact
Collaboration with the client to identify the scope and use cases for the platform
Cost Effective approach taken to document solutions 
Regressive R&D to find and document third-party solutions for certain use cases- saving cost and time.
Project Snapshots 
Contact Details
Here are my contact details:
Email: ajay@blackcoffer.com
Skype: asbidyarthy
WhatsApp: +91 9717367468
Telegram: @asbidyarthy 
For project discussions and daily updates, would you like to use Slack, Skype, Telegram, or Whatsapp? Please recommend, what would work best for you.
Previous article
AI and NLP-based Solutions to Automate Data Discovery for Venture Capital and Private Equity Principals
Next article
Analytical solution for a tech firm
RELATED INSIGHTSMORE FROM AUTHOR
Integrating Machine Learning Code into Kubeflow Pipeline – Kuberflow MLOps Kubernetes
Facial Recognition Attendance System
Face Recognition Using DeepFace
MOST POPULAR INSIGHTS
Methodology for ETL Discovery Tool using LLMA, OpenAI, Langchain
February 27, 2024
How Machines, AI, Automations, and Robo-human are Effective in Finance and...
May 29, 2021
Transforming the Healthcare Systems
April 17, 2021
How To Secure (SSL) Nginx with Let’s Encrypt on Ubuntu (Cloud...
August 8, 2023
Load more
RECOMMENDED INSIGHTS
Traction Dashboards of Marketing Campaigns and Posts
Python model for the analysis of sector-specific stock ETFs for investment...
PowerBI REST API – Fetching Dataflow and Refresh Schedules with semantic...
An ETL tool to pull data from Shiphero to Google Bigquery...