Title: Google LSA Ads (Google Local Service Ads) – ETL tools and Dashboards

Home Our Success Stories Google LSA Ads (Google Local Service Ads) – ETL tools and Dashboards
Our Success StoriesIT
Google LSA Ads (Google Local Service Ads) – ETL tools and Dashboards
By Ajay Bidyarthy -
July 26, 2023
6497
Client Background
Client: A leading marketing firm in the USA
Industry Type:  Marketing
Services: Ads, Marketing, Campaign, Consulting
Organization Size: 200+
The Problem
The client has a Google LSA Ads Manager Account with about 100+ accounts and wishes to collect data available through the Google LSA API daily. The client wishes to set up a private Databases that is automatically created for newly added accounts and stores all of the collected data (Lead and Phone Call data). Finally, all collected data must be presented through the Google Looker Studio Dashboards, with the design layouts as suggested by the client.
Our Solution
The solution involves a number of Python-based ETL tools that are responsible for fetching the data from Google’s LSA API daily and updating the same in the Google BigQuery Databases.
Two different tools run are:
MCC Data Fetching tool.
Lead Record data fetching tool. 
The fetched data is stored in BigQuery Databases on the client-provided (Google)manager account.
Carefully curated Google Looker Studio dashboards implemented with client-suggested theme layout which are updated upon client request, represent a number of KPIs and graphs indicating major data trends.
The designed dashboards have a number of data-controlling filters that filter the data account-wise and date-wise.
Solution Architecture
Deliverables
Heroku deployed Python tools
Google Looker Studio Dashboards
BigQuery Database
Maintenance service
Tools used
Python
Google BigQuery
Heroku
Google Looker Studio
Git
Heroku CLI
Language/techniques used
Python
GoogleSQL (BigQuery supported SQL)
Looker Modeling Language (Looker ML)
Git Commands
Skills used
Data Engineering skill to fetch data as per client needs.
Data Processing to make it suitable for dashboards, databases
Dashboard designing and data presentation skills
Tool Deployment
Database manipulation
Data piplining
Databases used
Google BigQuery
Web Cloud Servers used
Heroku: Cloud Application Platform
What are the technical Challenges Faced during Project Execution
Google LSA API is slow, high data fetching timelines.
BigQuery jobs fail, causing inconsistencies.
How the Technical Challenges were Solved
Entire data fetching operation requires 1-2 hrs daily, 2 separate tools run in asynchronously and populate two different databases, the data is grouped in the dashboards
Regular weekly and monthly data refreshes update any inconsistent data.
Business Impact
Business clients are able to access important KPI’s without the need to understand the complexities involved behind the scenes.
Allows clients to track their performances, responsiveness.
Project Snapshots
Contact Details
Here are my contact details:
Email: ajay@blackcoffer.com
Skype: asbidyarthy
WhatsApp: +91 9717367468
Telegram: @asbidyarthy 
For project discussions and daily updates, would you like to use Slack, Skype, Telegram, or Whatsapp? Please recommend, what would work best for you.
Previous article
Ad Networks Marketing Campaign Data Dashboard in Looker (Google Data Studio)
Next article
Data Management for a Political SaaS Application
RELATED INSIGHTSMORE FROM AUTHOR
Integrating Machine Learning Code into Kubeflow Pipeline – Kuberflow MLOps Kubernetes
Facial Recognition Attendance System
Face Recognition Using DeepFace
MOST POPULAR INSIGHTS
Data Studio Dashboard with a data pipeline tool synced with Podio...
February 28, 2024
Audify Music Player Website in MERN Stack
March 14, 2021
Supplier Insights and Decision Supports for the eCommerce Outlets
March 23, 2021
Data Management, ETL, and Data Automation
August 6, 2023
Load more
RECOMMENDED INSIGHTS
Using People Analytics To Drive Business Performance
How to increase social media engagement for marketers?
Rising IT Cities and its Impact on the Economy, Environment, Infrastructure,...
An agent-based model of a Virtual Power Plant (VPP)