Title: Analytical solution for a tech firm

Home Our Success Stories Analytical solution for a tech firm
Our Success StoriesIT
Analytical solution for a tech firm
By Ajay Bidyarthy -
July 26, 2023
6135
Client Background
Client: A leading tech firm in the USA
Industry Type:  IT
Services: Consulting
Organization Size: 100+
The Problem
The client’s organization had a project that matches URLs up using TF-IDF algorithm. 
The script threw some errors and resolving these errors was the immediate ask. 
The client also required us to adjust the script for better accuracy and faster computation.
Our Solution
R&D on the code developed
Find & List bugs
Solve the Bugs
Find and get the best matching algorithm implemented. 
Check and compare the existing matching algorithm implemented for accuracy. 
if not check of other solution – ngrams or fuzzy logic
Meet the expected output
Deliverables
Fully functional code
Solution & Documentation
Support
Tools used
Google spreadsheets
Microsoft Excel
Google Colaboratory
Language/techniques
Python 
Models used
TF-IDF
BERT
Ngrams
Flair Embeddings
Rapid Fuzz
Skills used
Problem-solving
Communication
Data Modelling
Data Pipelining
Python Coding
Databases used
Google spreadsheets
What are the technical Challenges Faced during Project Execution
Bugs on the model used by the client was fairly competent using pretrained libraries
The accuracy for the bug free code on the models used by the client was shaen once the model ran on a different set of data input
How the Technical Challenges were Solved
A vanilla code to execute the same logic while fine tuning the matching algorithm was written in order to over come the shortcomings of the pretrained model bugs
The data pre-processing was done manually in order to transform every instance of an input into better readable format to be able to go into the model and get best matching accuracy possible in the given timeframe of execution of the code 
Business Impact
Helped the client to perform the matching process with maximum accuracy and lowest cost on code, by implementing manually written vanilla code from scratch to utilise the matching algorithm.
Project Snapshots 
Project website url
https://colab.research.google.com/github/AjayBidyarthy/Daniel-Emery/blob/main/vanilla.ipynb#scrollTo=vPp14xj020RL
Contact Details
Here are my contact details:
Email: ajay@blackcoffer.com
Skype: asbidyarthy
WhatsApp: +91 9717367468
Telegram: @asbidyarthy 
For project discussions and daily updates, would you like to use Slack, Skype, Telegram, or Whatsapp? Please recommend, what would work best for you.
Previous article
AI solution for a Technology, Information and Internet firm
Next article
Ad Networks Marketing Campaign Data Dashboard in Looker (Google Data Studio)
RELATED INSIGHTSMORE FROM AUTHOR
Integrating Machine Learning Code into Kubeflow Pipeline – Kuberflow MLOps Kubernetes
Facial Recognition Attendance System
Face Recognition Using DeepFace
MOST POPULAR INSIGHTS
How Data Analytics can help your business respond to the impact...
May 1, 2021
Management challenges for future digitalization of healthcare services
December 2, 2020
Streamlined Equity Waterfall Calculation and Deal Management System
March 16, 2024
Big Data Analytics through IoT in Oil and Gas Industry
September 10, 2018
Load more
RECOMMENDED INSIGHTS
Rise of e-health and its impact on humans by the year...
Should celebrities be allowed to join politics?
Are we any closer to preventing a nuclear holocaust?
Impact of COVID-19 pandemic on sports events around the world.