Title: Marbles Stimulation using python

Home Our Success Stories Marbles Stimulation using python
Our Success StoriesBanking Securities, and InsuranceGovernment & Think TanksResearch & Academia
Marbles Stimulation using python
By Ajay Bidyarthy -
August 30, 2021
6447
Client Background
Client: A leading consulting firm in the USA
Industry Type: IT Consulting
Services: Consultanting
Organization Size: 100+
Project Objective
For all 4 cases, use a random number generator that will give you numbers between 1 & a million [1,000,000].  Whatever generator you use, make sure to adjust the numbers so that they are between 1 & 1,000,000 distributed randomly. 
For all tasks, we will have 5 colors, for example in Task 1, when the random number selected is between 1 & 5857 choose a bright color that is easily visible [I have called it Br. Clr. 1], for numbers between 5858 & 8678 choose another bright color [Br. Clr. 2], for numbers between 8679 & 11500 choose B (Blue), for numbers between 11501 & 50,000 choose R (Red), and > 50,000 choose G (Green). Simulate these 4 Task scenarios and represent them in a Table (1000 x 32) and collect statistics at the end. Replicate the simulation exercises for each Task with 3 different initial seed numbers. Likewise for 16 other Tasks.
Our Solution
Task involves creating 20 excel files running a Python Script in Jupyter Notebook which contains certain integer ranges indicating certain values and some other criteria the Random number range [1 to 1 million].
There are 20 Different tasks which have different conditions based on which need to form. Simulate these 20 Tasks and represent them in a Table (1000 x 32) and collect statistics at the end. Replicating the simulation exercises for each Task with 3 different initial seed numbers.
Then using the Find and Replace tab of excel to make it in the correct format with proper color. Data Representation in particular format and formatting colors, Text based on condition passed within excel.
Project Deliverables
Excel File
Tools used
JupyterNB
Sublime Text
MS Excel
Language/techniques used
Python 
Models used
No Software model is being Used to Solve this Project
Skills used
Python programming
MS Excel Formatting
Databases used
No database were used stored complete data in MS Excel
Web Cloud Servers used
No cloud servers were used for this project
What are the technical Challenges Faced during Project Execution
Formatting Excel Files 
How the Technical Challenges were Solved
Formatting Excel Files 
Discovered a lot of Shortcuts Available within Excel to deal with Data Representation in particular format and learned about formatting colors, Text based on condition passed within excel.
Replication and Selecting Rows and Columns with shortcuts and in simplest way possible, transposing selected data and many more.
Project Snapshots 
Figure 1: Sample Output File for Task 12 stimulation 3
In total there were 16 conditional tasks all of them had 3 stimulation which needed to be performed.
Previous article
Stocktwits Data Structurization
Next article
Data ETL: Local Service Ads Leads to BigQuery
RELATED INSIGHTSMORE FROM AUTHOR
Integrating Machine Learning Code into Kubeflow Pipeline – Kuberflow MLOps Kubernetes
Facial Recognition Attendance System
Face Recognition Using DeepFace
MOST POPULAR INSIGHTS
How is AI used to solve traffic management?
August 26, 2021
An app for updating the email id of the user and...
July 8, 2022
COVID-19 Impact on Hospitality Industry
May 1, 2020
Comprehensive Analysis of Solana and Ethereum Contributors Using GitHub API with...
August 25, 2024
Load more
RECOMMENDED INSIGHTS
Challenges and Opportunities of Big Data in Healthcare
AI solution for a Technology, Information and Internet firm
IoT & AI/ML Solution for Gas Stations
Marketing Tool to Notify Leads to Clients over Email and Phone